add example and text for gaps between records (#687)
AdaCore/learn: content/courses/intro-to-embedded-sys-prog/chapters/interacting_with_devices.rst

      AFR        : Alternate_Function_Fields;
      Reserved_4 : Reserved_984x8 with Unreferenced;
   end record with
      Size => 16#400# * 8;

   for GPIO_Port use record
      MODER      at 0  range 0 .. 31;
      OTYPER     at 4  range 0 .. 15;
      Reserved_1 at 6  range 0 .. 15;
      OSPEEDR    at 8  range 0 .. 31;
      PUPDR      at 12 range 0 .. 31;
      IDR        at 16 range 0 .. 15;
      Reserved_2 at 18 range 0 .. 15;
      ODR        at 20 range 0 .. 15;
      Reserved_3 at 22 range 0 .. 15;
      BSRR_Set   at 24 range 0 .. 15;
      BSRR_Reset at 26 range 0 .. 15;
      LCKR       at 28 range 0 .. 31;
      AFR        at 32 range 0 .. 63;
      Reserved_4 at 40 range 0 .. 7871;
   end record;

The type for the unused gap, :ada:`Reserved_984x8`, must represent 984
bytes so we declare an array like so:

.. code-block:: ada

   type Reserved_984x8 is array (1 ..  984) of Byte with
      Component_Size => Unsigned_8'Size,
      Size           => 984 * Unsigned_8'Size;
   --  This type is used to ensure the necessary gaps between GPIO
   --  ports in memory. As per the STM32F405xx etc. Reference Manual,
   --  RM 0090, Table 1, that gap is 984 bytes per port.

> We also set the size of the entire record type to 16400# bytes since

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also set the size of the entire record type to 16#400# bytes since
```
